---
layout: post
title:  "Donovan - Open Road"
date:   2017-02-06 19:00:00 -0700
image: "donovan.jpg"
---

And the fourth set of 10 records is 10 records chosen by friends. Emily chose Open Road by Donovan,
that funny Donovan record that sits after the great run of records starting with Sunshine Superman to
Barabajagal.

This one was always a favourite of mine - back when I was a super fan of Donovan, even when everyone
else was being snooty about him, all the Hippy Dippy stuff can be a bit much sometimes. But this record
is really great, and I used to play Clara Clairvoyant a fair bit back when I used to DJ.

And listening to this now, it's all different - everything feels quite together and accomplished, the band
are pretty tight and Donovan's knocking out the life lessons like there's no tomorrow. There's a bit
of indulgence around the edges, but once Celtic Rock gets going, it all goes up to 11, and the run from
that to Clara is really quite something. What I love about Donovan is that he's not afraid
of singing about Trolls and Magick, and makes it all sound pretty good. And then it all goes off into
space and after Clara the bar is raised and it's all pretty wonderful from thereon in.

So maybe now is the time to venture beyond HMS Donovan and off back into the land of Linda and Gypsy
Dave. Donovan's always cited as someone who never really got his dues, and this album reminds me
why he's such a special character and why his music is so great, and how I've missed him dearly.